The Simpsons family are made up of some of TV’s most-loved characters, but even if you’ve seen all the episodes, there are still going to be some fun facts you never knew about the Simpsons.
Hey there, Julia here and welcome to HOW THEY CHANGED
All characters on The Simpson's have just 4 fingers on each hand, except for one with five: God.
Bart Simpson's name is an anagram of BRAT. His full name is Bartholomew Jojo Simpson.
All characters on The Simpson's are based on, and named after his creator Matt Groening's family.
It took Danny Elfman just two days to compose The Simpsons’ famous theme in 1989.
Krusty the Clown was originally created to be Homer's secret identity.
US President George Bush once blamed the Simpsons for society’s problems, claiming that American families should be less like The Simpsons and more like The Waltons.
The Simpson's couch gag is actually a trick used by the writers to make the show longer or shorter.
D'oh! is a real word in the Oxford English Dictionary . In The Simpsons scripts, it just says "annoyed grunt."
It takes between six to eight months to create each episode.
In 1998, TIME Magazine named Bart Simpson one of the most influential people of the century.
The Simpsons holds the Record for Longest Running Primetime Animated TV Series and Most Guest Stars Featured in a Television Series.
Fox owns the rights to The Simpsons until 2082.
If you could watch all of "The Simpsons" episodes without ads nor sleep, it'd take about 8.5 days.
The Simpsons released an album in 1990 and the lead single "Do the Bartman" was a worldwide hit.
It was co-produced by Michael Jackson, who also provided background vocals and was a big fan of the show.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange appeared on an episode of The Simpsons.
He recorded his lines over the phone from the Ecuadorian embassy in Britain, where he has been granted asylum.
Homer Simpson once had a theory that the universe was shaped like a donut. The theory has some validity, according to cosmologists.
Matt Groening designed The Simpson family to be immediately identifiable in silhouette, hence their distinctive hairstyles and head-shapes.
A child that was Bart's age when The Simpson's first premiered would now be the same age as Homer.
The Simpsons crew sent flowers to South Park studios when they parodied Family Guy.
Mr. Burns speaks the most words among supporting cast members of The Simpsons.
Bart Simpson's prank calls to Moe were actually based on real calls two guys did to bar owner and heavyweight boxer Louis "Red" Deutsch.
The calls have been recorded.
Have you ever wondered who the voice behind Maggie’s ‘sucking’ sound is? That would be the show’s creator, Matt Groening.
And here were some rare known facts about your favorite TV show.
Leave a like and subscribe for more. Write in comments what films do you want me to review next.
And take care friends.
You